doc: Case definition setting for 'can have assignee' (#195)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: using-valtimo/case/set-case-assignee.md

> # How to set case assignee to a task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to enable cases to be assignable
```

> On the case management page, a setting can be defined to indicate that a case type can have an assignee (checkbox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the case management page, a setting can be changed to indicate that cases of that type can have an assignee (checkbox).
```

> It is necessary to access the case details tab to enable the option to add an assignee to a case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page you can check the Case assignee checkbox to enable assigning cases.
```
